= Skydiving Dive Generator

== Overview

Dive Generator is a tool for competitive skydivers to generate random dive draws for their training.  

It can be used to either generate a set of random dives based on the chosen discipline, or generate a randomised training plan which allows the team in the least possible number of jumps to perform each move combination i.e. every random and block to every other random and block.

== Features

* Random dive generator
* Shortest route to perform every combination of move generator
* Supports FS, VFS, Freestyle and Freefly discipline draws
* Download your draw to CSV
* Nice AJAX interface

== Dependencies

  $ gem install sinatra
  $ gem install haml
  $ gem install activerecord
  $ gem install json
  $ gem install launchy

== Setup

Edit main.rb and change the Blog config struct at the top to your liking.  For
security purposes, change the admin password and the admin cookie key and
value.  These last two can be set to any random value you like, just choose
something other than the default.

Then run the server:

  $ ruby main.rb

And visit: http://localhost:4567

Log in with the password you selected, then click New Post.  The rest should be
self-explanatory.

In production, you'll probably want to run "rake start" to start (and restart)
the server.  Change the value of "port" at the top of the Rakefile to run on a
different port.

== Database

The default is a SQLite file named blog.db.  To use something else, set
DATABASE_URL in your environment when running the app, i.e.:

  $ DATABASE_URL='mysql://localhost/myblog' ruby main.rb

Or, modify the Sequel.connect statement at the top of main.rb.

The database will be created automatically when the server is executed.

== Comments

There are no comments by default.  If you wish to activate comments, create an
account and a website on Disqus (disqus.com) and enter the website shortname as
the :disqus_shortname value in the Blog config struct.

== Import data

Christopher Swenson has a Wordpress importer: http://github.com/swenson/scanty_wordpress_import

Other kinds of data can be imported easily, take a look at the rake task :import for an example of loading from a YAML file with field names that match the database schema.

== Customize

There are no themes or settings beyond the basic ones in the Blog struct.  Just
edit the CSS or the code as you see fit.

== Meta

Written by Adam Wiggins

Patches contributed by: Christopher Swenson, S. Brent Faulkner, and Stephen Eley

Released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

http://github.com/adamwiggins/scanty

http://adam.blog.heroku.com

